API Docs: Variable Sets searchable (#589)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/variable-sets.mdx

### Query Parameters

> All of the list endpoints support pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#query-parameters) and search through the `q` parameter. Remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling doesn't automatically encode URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All list endpoints support pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#query-parameters) and searching with the `q` parameter. Remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling doesn't automatically encode URLs.
```

| Parameter      | Description                                                         |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `page[number]` | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns the first page.      |
| `page[size]`   | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint returns 20 varsets per page. |

> | `q`            | **Optional.** A search query string. Variable sets are searchable by name. |

Reviewer: I know this suggestion wording is a little longer, but I like how clear it is:
```suggestion
| `q`            | **Optional.** A search query string. You can search for a variable set using its name. |
```
Let me know if you feel otherwise!
